Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
Good evening. Come down.
Come down. please.
Keep going. We'll be there soon.
It's okay. look.
A little faster. please
keep coming down.
It's okay.
We just want to
make some changes.
We want men over here
and women over here.
Yes. please split up. It's okay.
We're gonna cross soon.
Let's see. you...
You come with me.
You.
You. miss. You.
You and you.
You're going to get in the van.
It's okay.
Your moms and dads are going
to be behind you in the truck.
- She doesn't want to leave.
- What is the problem. sir? It's okay.
Because they're separating the
girls. she's coming with me.
It's okay.
That doesn't sound very good.
Come with me.
brother. I'll explain.
Understand me. Tell
him to understand me.
You guys are not
understanding me.
Get in. Get in.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org